okay this is the VT 32f telephone
recording device it comes in a box with
the user manual and some places do
charge for the AC adapter as an optional
accessory but we do include it for free
and what it does is records any landline
cellphone in person or FM transmission
it's also good for dictation there's a
built-in speaker so once you have your
recordings you can just press play and
listen to them right from the recorder
now over here is the record button and
you have a volume up and down button and
this is a selectable microphone setting
switch for dictation mode or conference
mode so dictation mode is if you know
you're going to be holding it to
yourself and speaking and conference
mode is if it's going to be recording
far away it increases the sensitivity of
the dual mics there's one on each side
of the recorder so it records very good
sound compared to most telephone
recorders now over here is a button for
FM recording this also has an FM
receiver so you can tune in to any
station press the record button and
record music or you can also record
through FM with the wireless microphone
and what this is is it's got a little
microphone on the end of it and it comes
with a triple a battery for it and then
it transmits the signal which is on FM
frequency that this will pick up and you
have to have the recorder in about 98
feet of the microphone depending on any
interferences that you might have it may
be a smaller distance so next is
telephone recording of a landline and
this is the telephone adapter and what
you do is take one end of this line in
cord plug that in there and then you
plug the other end into the microphone
jack of the recorder then you take your
telephone line and plug it into the line
side of the adapter and of course this
part would plug into your wall jack
press record on the recorder have your
phone call and it will record both sides
of the conversation now this extra slot
here is if you want to have a telephone
to be able to use at that location you
can plug it in there you don't have to
have a telephone plugged in there to
record it will record whatever is on
your phone line if a phone is being used
at a different location from a different
wall jack it will still record that
phone call this is a standard set of
earphones if you want to listen to them
instead of the speaker you want to
listen to them on earphones you guys
plug that into the earphone jack and
this is a universal cell phone recording
adapter you plug that into the
microphone jack and how this works is
there's a built-in microphone in this
little earbud so you place this into
your ear and then you take your cell
phone and put that up to your ear and
just have a conversation like you
normally would
this microphone picks up both sides of
the conversation so it doesn't actually
plug into your cell phone and that makes
it Universal and compatible with all
brands makes and models of cell phones
the last accessory is this lapel
microphone or shirt clip-on microphone
you put that into the mic jack and turn
the recorder on and put it in your
pocket somewhere and then you can clip
this on to your shirt or wherever you
want to clip it to do body-worn
recording so that's it after you have
your recordings again you can listen to
them directly from here or it also comes
with a USB cable if you want to plug
this in it's both PC and Mac compatible
it's recording in mp3 standard format
and it works as just a flash drive so
you can just plug it in and play your
recordings right on any computer from
there and that's the V T 32 F telephone
recording device